{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red67\green10\blue31;\red102\green177\blue50;
\red243\green235\blue0;\red217\green11\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10180\viewh12840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\f0\b\fs36 \cf1 \cb0 Elemeno Free Sample Pack: Vol. 3 (Hip-Hop Edition)
\b0\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\i \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Introduction/Credits/Terms of use:
\i0 \ulnone \
This pack was created by "PhatCap!" and contains original samples, as well as bits and pieces from other artists.\
\
Please use these sounds at your own risk as not all of the samples included in this pack are guaranteed to be cleared. \
\
We hope you enjoy this pack and also would love to hear your opinion on it! \
Send us a tweet and tell us what you think!\'a0\
\
If you make a track using some of the samples we have provided, tweet us the track & we will give you our feedback! 
\b (@ElemenoOfficial)
\b0 \
\
Be sure to check back to our site regularly for more goodies & connect with us on social media to stay in the loop! This is just the beginning!\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
\cf3 \
MORE FREE SAMPLES ON OUR SOUNDCLOUD PAGE!\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://soundcloud.com/ElemenoCollective"}}{\fldrslt http://soundcloud.com/ElemenoCollective}}\cf4 \
\
*  C R E A T E  - \cf5  I N S P I R E \cf4  -  \cf6 M O T I V A T E  *\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\fs18 \cf2 \

\b\fs30 \cf6 - Elemeno Team (LMNO)
\b0\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://elemeno.cc/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 http://toneclash.com}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf6 Contact:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:Info@Elemeno.cc"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Mat@elemenocollective.com}}\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf6 Connect With Us!
\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/ElemenoOfficial"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Http://Twitter.com/ElemenoOfficial}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://facebook.com/ElemenoOfficial"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Http://Facebook.com/ElemenoOfficial}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://soundcloud.com/ElemenoOfficial"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Http://Soundcloud.com/ElemenoCollective}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\fs36 \cf2 Pack Organized by:
\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\fs18 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc

\b\fs26 \cf2 PhatCap! (PhatCapBeats)
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/PhatCapBeats"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Http://twitter.com/PhatCapBeats}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://soundcloud.com/PhatCapBeats"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Http://soundcloud.com/PhatCapBeats}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://facebook.com/PhatCapBeats"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Http://facebook.com/PhatCapBeats}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://youtube.com/MrDubWatch"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 Http://youtube.com/MrDubWatch}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
\cf2 \
}